perf(clp-rust-utils): Switch Rust Services' logging to lossless non-blocking writer (fixes #2362). (#2364)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/dev-docs/logging-operator-guide.md

* **Docker Compose**: Logs are available using `docker compose logs`. If `CLP_LOGS_DIR` is set,
logs are additionally written to `<CLP_LOGS_DIR>/<component_name>.log`. This directory mounts to the host via `CLP_LOGS_DIR_HOST` (defaults to `./var/log`).
  :::{note}
  For Rust services, `stdout` logging is always non-blocking. Setting `CLP_LOGS_DIR` additionally

>   enables file logging with hourly log rotation and a non-blocking file writer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For Rust services, `stdout` logging is sent through a background writer configured to avoid
  dropped log records. Setting `CLP_LOGS_DIR` additionally enables file logging with hourly log
  rotation and the same lossless background writer behavior.
```
